[Music]
hello you useful people welcome back to
another video I hope you did really
really good and I've had a lovely week
today's video is potentially the most
exciting video I've ever uploaded onto
my channel just because it is one of my
favourite things to do after the entire
year which is but you know my Christmas
tree this video wasn't going to be
filmed until about a week in advance but
I just I couldn't look at my Christmas
decorations much more and as soon as I
did that Christmas decorations hole
which is up on my channel or if you want
to keep that watch before this video I
really just couldn't wait so today is
the day there is a bit of preparation
that I do before I put my Christmas tree
up I will show you what that is but this
is the video to get cosy as possible all
the decorations I've brought are new
this year because it's the first
Christmas in my own house or it just
makes it even more exciting it's Mason
eyes second Christmas together last year
we spent it in Dubai so it wasn't as
like Christmas feels and I didn't
actually put a Christmas tree last year
and I really missed it so this year I
just thought right that's it I am going
all out Oh something just about that
really hurt I don't know what that one
as I'm doing figure I'm so conscious
like my hair is so close to scoundrel
bang bang I've just got burn off it'll
be a hole in my top side guys I will
just get straight into this video I
really hope you enjoy it
I am making the biggest hot chocolate
with all the marshmallows in the world
[Music]
delicious step of the crus in
preparation I'm putting on a bit Michael
Buble Christmas music playlist or if a
movie if you fancy you can't go wrong
with a bit enough Buble then I'm
grabbing my 7-foot Christmas tree and
starting to get it out of the box this
is probably like the longest part that
also their most important because make
such difference when you like fluff out
all your branches and everything just
take a look wilder to put it all in but
obviously it's so worth it so this is
the first like bottom I always start
with the bottom layer first and then I'm
just going to fluff out I think that's
what to look for how all of these like
I'm doing and then I wish it was as easy
as it looks on this video that is the
finished tree I just sort of mess around
with it for a bit and make sure I'm
happy like stick everything up down
sideways leftwards
next door I got the lights on this is a
bit of a tedious task you've just got to
make sure it's all kind of even and then
I'm going in with loads of snow spray I
should have probably just got a
snowflakes
tree instead of doing this but this is a
really great little hack I've got four
tins and I'm probably gonna need some
more and literally just going around the
full thing and making choices like
underneath and everything like that and
sort of even
so here is the snow straight finished
I'm really impressed of how it turned
out it's exactly what I had in mind and
it just looks like snow down here guys
midway through so I've just sprayed at
the tree and I underestimated how many
sprays I needed I should have probably
just gone and got frosted tree but I
just thought you know I'll give it a try
and see how we get on
bags for cans and I really like it I
just need a few more for the bag and
also I had a slight malfunction with the
lights and the lights that I had were
just I think there are too cold and I
think I want some more warm ones so I'm
just going to add them afterwards but
I'll just make do with this for now what
a difference of snow for it I really
like all the little white cuteness and
it looks super like natural tree bye I
always start at the bottom and just sort
of go around try and make it as even as
possible I actually love these I could
just create such a snowy effect and I
think they look a bit more expensive in
a bit classier and different than tinsel
I used four in total and that was more
than enough after the photo barriers I'm
popping in the little white mistletoe
these add so much texture and it just
looks so cool and like actually part of
the tree like little thrusted berries
and I love how it you can bend them
about as much you like and just style
them about and then I'm popping in this
gorgeous white flower this stands out so
much and are just a little bit I think
this is when I my favorite things I've
got then I'm just putting the little
gold lace and beads around it wasn't
ridiculously long like I don't think
it'd have gone around the whole tree so
I'm just putting it around the top then
I'm just using these gold plants that
I've got from home scents that I could
sparkly gorgeous little color and
honestly I think these make the most
difference to your true like if you
haven't got any plants that are like
glittery or ever I definitely recommend
getting some they make a big difference
so I got these from Amazon and their
little white beaded things a separate
there's a hundred pieces and there were
in a wedding section
I'm absolutely brilliant like there's
quite a lot of them they're a bit
smaller than I expected but they do look
so good just all around the tree and you
can just spread them out and make them
more like spark I think you should also
separate them too if you wanted to but
yet definitely little tip don't always
look in the Christmas decorations shock
the wedding section has loads of
different bits and bobs and they have
got quite a lot of different colors too
then I'm using the pearl beads these
were the things out of my entire
collection of Christmas decorations they
would have never ever ending and super
tangled so I thought I'd start at the
top with these and just make my way down
it honestly took me a lifetime to get to
the bottom of this tree easing those
like a little maple girl going around
I was quite dizzy as well by the end of
this woman then at this point I was
starting with the larger ball balls I
just start with the larger bubbles first
I kind of just spread them about see
what looks best and like the big
statement ones so it's finally starting
to come together at this point and I
caught with how much difference those
little pinky rose it's make a difference
to the tree and I try and put the like
them much larger bubbles towards the
bottom and then sort of go with the
smaller ones
[Music]
then I'm going in with the little pine
cones I had quite a lot of these and I
think they're makes such a difference to
tree they just add a bit of debt and
they're actually a little bit different
I haven't happened before so I'll be
happy with those and lastly I'm putting
the star on the tree I just bend the top
bit over a bit to make sure it's all
sturdy
although I don't even look too sturdy
where I'm stood on that but yeah you
just kind of have to fiddle about with
this but I really liked the start on
tree so this is finished oh so happy
with it and how it turned out as you can
tell it's exactly what I was hoping for
and I really like how it's you still
come together I do think I still add
some little extras and I had a bit of
malfunction with the lights of the
mentioned so I might change those too
[Music]
so here is full finished tree and I'll
just show you of it around the room as
well
I think it looks so cozy fire I'm so
happy to have it up and I'm absolutely
loving at how it's turned out but let me
know what plans you have with your
Christmas tree this year and also what
you think of the color scheme and
everything
[Music]
so that is the end of my decorating my
Christmas tree do let me know what you
think in the comments down below I
really hope you enjoyed this video and
it's going to be so much more Christmas
content I'm also going to do in vlogmas
I've so many exciting things coming up I
could literally burst through the
excitement right now if you haven't
already don't forget to hit the
subscribe button and turn on your
notifications and I'll see you guys in
the next video